friends here Our concept please find all and find little operations off remodel.
So let me explain this are with the simple stripped Let me open my editor.
So here,
let me import Audie More deal first how given some script name Now let me take my string us
Suppose on this is a pipe on on We are having bite onto and fight on three washings right
onto and fight on three questions No,
let me take my patroness.
So actually,
when you're going to take pattern based on your requirement suppose my requirement designed
to find out either fight on our python two or by country See,
how can I by dawn So if you are a strictly looking for python word or fight on to fight on
three words then you had to take slash b Then fight on.
So our requirement despite on our to our three that's why in square backers just right to
on three then you are question mark question What means once Orteman,
then slash B That's it.
No,
it is going to represent three words Spite on fight on corn by country among these three,
right?
If you go with suppose already not match.
You know what is?
The use is off,
Ari.
Don't match.
So are you.
Don't match my pattern.
Then your string See the result what you're getting,
you're getting none.
The reason is match will always look our very first Any given string for your given pattern
.
We don't have any fight on our fight on two on or fight on three at very first.
That's why Matt is not able to find that now.
If I go into such,
then you're going to get information about fight on because the very first anyway,
you know that such is going to look for you were given pattern in a given string from left
to right.
Why going from left to right,
we have somewhere python.
So among these three patrons fight on fight on board by country.
Here you got You're such a good fight on.
That's what is giving that.
But my requirement days,
I need to find all the imagines for your pattern.
Which are there any given string,
right.
So any given string by Tony's their bite onto is there and fight on three is also there.
I want to find all these three then our operations are your final operations.
Let me bring with corridor Find all you're pattern.
Your pardon made a present one.
Ah,
string or multiple things.
Right?
So that I'm looking in a given string Now See,
that is a You're getting all the matches for your given pattern,
I suppose if I take the way X No,
you don't know any match ings for your pattern given string You're getting an empty list.
Be clear.
Final will always do a list.
If there is a match,
it will give the list off values.
If there is no match it will you empty list?
No.
By using final operation directly,
you can tell that how many matching Sar Therefore you're given pattern given string simply
by a playing a lengthy function off on your final See the result If there is no match
Indirectly you Jiro because we know that for least we cannot play length function on from
that we can find out how many matching czar there that's it.
So that is the use off Your final are basically finally is useful just to understand RDX
operations.
But if you go with your find all we have a small drawback,
of course,
that it looking able to find Ah,
how many matching sar therefore given for your given pattern in a given string.
But yeah,
let me take this Has beware beach win.
Yeah,
I don't see that,
but that that disadvantages it is not giving any information about you are matching.
I mean,
what is the starting index off this matching What is the inning Lex off this matching so?
But what if you want to look all the matching Xeni given string for your given pattern And
if you want to see at the same time the starting index or ending index off you're matching
,
then you have to go with the finding your operation.
Let me print.
Forced the information for you are Find the dirt,
my partner.
Earn my string first up without Woodward,
you are getting Let me come into your remaining reinstatements.
See the airport you're getting Call a bull iterated object something Some information is
there just after that.
Now I'm writing be Wait some Let's it be way the x ph win Now we don't have any matching
for your given pattern because it is not bite on the way Extra situation for this related
words.
We don't have anything in our given strings.
No you for you Look in this way.
See?
There is a body or getting still.
You're getting some objects.
So first of all,
find little.
Will you always some object?
Whether there is a match or not?
Whenever If you don't find little,
it will you first Some object you need to remember at this point.
Then see that I am using for Lou for this.
For each object in this part.
Run.
I mean in this operation let me print each object.
Now see the result.
You're not getting anything because first of all,
whenever if you didn't find it operation it will do some object Whether there is a match or
not secondary.
If there is a match,
this look will repeat If there is no match,
you're not getting anything.
Be clear.
Seeing you are match and starts operation you're using if condition If your object is
present,
then what is the match?
What is the starting in export is the ailing index.
But if you go with finding up in order to use if condition because first of all,
financial for multiple imagines nightly used for Luke.
If there is a match,
then look will repeat if there is at least one match.
Well Ooh,
you're noble.
Repeat at least one time.
If there are no matches,
then you will keep your Lupo won't repeat for at least one time.
Right now I see that I am making know my pattern as P way th way.
No.
See the output.
You're getting three objects.
Suppose I'm get taking.
I'm taking.
My partner has only fight on to be clear,
bite onto our fight on to you know,
see the result.
Your loop is reporting only one time and is giving the object.
Right.
So be clear now how?
Given my partner despite on in square backers to three.
Then question Mark.
No.
See the results.
Three objects it is giving.
So find later will consist off the number off objects based on how many matches are there
for your pattern.
Any given strength on when ever refuse for Lou for that traitor?
It will do the different objects for each match right now.
See the no Aiken directly.
Right?
What is the match?
Let me rate some message.
The match these.
So here I will print the match.
What is your watch?
Are not group,
right?
See that study so that then I want to find What is the starting index for each and every
object.
So starting index,
you're each object dot Start if you remember from the war,
imagine such operation then What is the Indian index?
Be clear and many indexes.
Nothing but Iwas in object like me.
Right you are Object,
Dorothy end minus one.
Be clear.
Don't forget about that.
That's a right.
So,
guys,
this is the uses off finally time.
So in most of the cases,
in your real time you're going to walk away to suction match operations.
But he had to know the ah functional.
They are working operation off your find all and financial as well.
Sometimes you may use business requirement you'll use,
but based on my experience,
I'm telling that most of the cases will use such a match.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this video.